hey guys so this is going to be about a
three-week update on my hair it is a
with me aliexpress virgin brazilian
spiral curl i have in two bundles of
twenty to one bundle of 20 and 18 inch
closure the closures from sending my
wigs and the hair is from for your nice
hair okay um to get started the hair is
holding up pretty good um I like toned
it down as far as the bigness is still
thick or whatnot minimum shedding still
I like I told you I always get a little
more strands but nothing much nothing
major uh my closure me and my closure
aren't friends I don't like her we're
not cool this is my clothes you see the
problem child right here yep so um like
I told y'all we messed up on the closure
I'm not happy with it I was gonna get it
redone but different things
circumstances came and I had to handle
other business and as much as I love my
weave some stuff just gotta come before
it sometimes uh however I'm making it
work you know um I'm ready to go back to
my straight hair I love straight hair
Cesar these are the times that I mixed
with my straightener i love my straight
hair but Carly is cute I think any kind
of hairstyle is gone me conceited moment
but uh you know I'm just ready for my
straight hair obviously we're going to
do the closure right next time but I
mean other than that the hell enclosure
is great still it still blends in well
off of my closure is a deep way they
didn't have a spiral curl in the closure
so we had to go iowa with a deep way the
thing that will look closest to it um
what I added some new
product to my washing routine I use this
he'll know if you can see it brazilian
keratin therapy by organics is the
conditioner and then i also got the
shampoo and where my contrition or two
and i don't watch my hair Jesus I'm
popular anyway I also makes the
conditioner with some water in a little
spray bottle for just when i spritz it
on my awful still use the moroccan argan
oil in the curls up deep prison um I got
the shampoos in the conditioner with 699
the piece i got from you supply I got it
because it had keratin in it um what
else I don't really think there's
anything else like I said I'm much
shedding the hairs holding up pretty
good I am not the type of person that
you know obviously I don't get free
hairy what if I did praise Jesus by
because I don't I don't change my hair
I'm a college student the semester is
going to start I'm working trying to say
so you know I have to make my hair last
and make it work so if I'm planning on
getting some Malaysian hair probably
before probably right before I go to
school I'm going to get it installed but
uh you know shouts with people who do
get free here but I can't change my hair
as often as I kind of liked about even
city even then I like to get my youth I
akhiyan my money's worth of my hair um
but that's pretty much it I'm here
here's a close-up kindness you can see
it's a little fluffy kata but
there it is I'm still loving it don't
get me wrong it boo Koos of compliments
on his hair people people really think
it's mine this guy asked me um what race
are you mixed with and like I'm looking
like pretty black you know but I just
working huh I don't have a problem I
hate I probably tell people this isn't
my hair or telling people where I get my
hair I hate when people say oh yeah when
people ask Oh where'd you where'd you
get your hair done and just be like kind
of like they don't want to tell you like
really we all want to have good hair but
anyways I'm just rambling right now but
this is the update I hope whoever bought
this hair because of me is loving it but
I advise you to buy the hair is a great
vendor once again aliexpress.com the
vendors for your nice hair for the hair
and sunny may wigs for the closure all
right ladies that's going to be it I'll
be back hopefully to do my videos and
stop being lazy and i will see you
ladies later like subscribe